[knocking]
[SHIORI]
Um, Jiro? You awake?
[JIRO grunts]
Shiori? You're soaking wet,
what happened to you?
[SHIORI]
Oh, Jiro!
[JIRO gasping]
I feel so alone.
Please, Jiro,
will you stay with me?
Always.
My hero.
[AKARI] Yakuin? Yo,
I'm talking to you! Yakuin!
[JIRO screaming]
[grunts]
[JIRO] Damn it.
Why is it always a dream?
[AKARI] It's not like
you need beauty sleep.
Open the door, dork.
[JIRO] Don't you terrorize me
enough during the day?
Just for tonight,
stay with me, okay?
[JIRO]
Huh?
Hey, Steve?
Where did you go? Come out.
Steve, please.
[STEVE moans]
Steve? Is that you
in there? You okay?
[moans]
[screaming]
[AKARI screaming]
[JIRO] Why'd you decide to watch
this crap at the dead of night?
It's gonna help
boost us to A-rank.
[JIRO]
Huh?
[AKARI] Natsumi told me
if you snuggle up and
watch horror movies with your
partner, you get hella points.
Huh?! Why did you
turn it off, Buzzkill?
[JIRO] Come on, there's
no way this is gonna work.
[AKARI]
Stop it!
What do I stop?
[AKARI]
Being a weenie!
Let's conquer our fears
and score some points!
We've gotta work hard for this,
or we won't make A-rank!
You wanna get with Miss
Childhood Bestie, yeah?
I thought I had
made that obvious.
[AKARI] Awesome, then let's
kick it up a notch, champ.
Put this on!
Look, matching jammies!
I even got them on sale!
[JIRO]
Absolutely not!
Huh? What's your damage?
You're my damage!
[AKARI] They're like the
couple-iest thing ever!
Apparently, we'll get points
just by wearing them.
And check it! Side by side,
they make a heart!
[JIRO] I'm amazed you
found something this corny.
[AKARI] If going overboard
is what it takes,
I'm on the Titanic.
[JIRO grunts]
Hurry up and put it on.
Jeez...
[JIRO] She spent her own
money on these? It's weird.
She's been all fired up since
she went to karaoke with Tenjin.
If I had to guess, something
happened between them.
Not that it would
matter either way!
I don't give a crap
what she does.
[JIRO]
Hm? What? Need something?
Turn around real quick.
I've gotta change also.
[JIRO]
Huh?! In this room?
Duh. Better look away.
[JIRO gasping]
[JIRO] Well, damn,
that's a gyaru for you.
I guess so many guys
have seen her bahoobies
she's not even phased.
Whatever, I'll change
in here, too.
I doubt that she thinks
of me as a man, anyway.
[AKARI yelps]
A blackout? Whoa,
I can't see anything.
You there, Watanabe?
Are you o... kay?
[JIRO]
Huh?! Ahhh!
Damage Report! Contact? Yes.
Softness? Yes.
Firmness? Yes.
Warmth? Immeasurable.
Calculating. System error.
Wait, is that...?
Oh, no, I'm a goner!
If I don't get my hips out of
here, my little Jiro might...
Don't beep at me,
this is a crisis!
Uh? Watanabe?
[JIRO] The chick is scared,
you creep, do something.
[JIRO] Just a second. I'll turn
on my cell phone light.
[AKARI]
No, wait! Don't look at me!
[JIRO]
Huh?
[AKARI gasping]
You perv! Don't look
at me while I'm crying!
Big whoop, the dark freaks me
out! Dumb! Dumb! Dumb!
[JIRO]
Give it I rest! I didn't see!
I wasn't looking at
your face, trust me!
[JIRO grunts]
It's not working.
We can't get into our rooms
until the power comes back.
Hurry. If you can't fix it,
then at the very least
come over here by me.
[JIRO]
Fine, I'm coming.
[JIRO] Even when she's
terrified, she bosses me around.
She uses me whenever
its convenient, huh?
Still... It's rare to
see her so helpless,
so I might as well
enjoy it. Also...
Why is she so freakin' close?
Like, tell me a funny
story or something.
[JIRO]
Women and their inane demands!
C'mon dude, let's go.
B-T-dubs, a bore-on
without any good stories
could never bag a hottie.
[JIRO growls]
What a jerk.
[AKARI] What's wrong, virg-y?
Give it to me!
[JIRO] Once upon a time
in a land far, far, away...
[AKARI]
Are you for real? A fairy tale?
[JIRO] An elderly couple
discovered an old well
on their property
and for some reason,
they didn't dare
get anywhere near it.
Uh-- Hang on...
[JIRO] Good thing, because
soon they heard the legend--
that on stormy nights
when thunder rolls
and lighting crashes...
There, beside the well,
where no one should be,
stands the ghost of
a terrifying woman--
Huh? Hey. Are you listening?
Come on.
I've never seen you
be this quiet before.
Lemme guess,
you're gonna suddenly scream
and try to freak me out.
Don't tell me that lame story
actually scared you!
[AKARI] Virgin! Listen!
When death knocks, let him in!
[JIRO]
The gyaru's got bars!
I'm sorry.
You were freaking out
and I couldn't help
but mess with you a bit. My bad.
[AKARI]
Minami never would've done that.
He would've seen I was
upset and tried to help.
Uh, I get it, I'm sorry.
[AKARI]
Think about it.
The only person that can be here
for me right now is you.
[JIRO]
Huh... Huh?
[AKARI] Would it kill you to let
me depend on you a little?
Meanie.
[JIRO]
So cu--
[JIRO screaming]
[AKARI]
Hm?
[JIRO]
That was too much!
What the hell does
this girl want from me?
Does she just like
being a mega-tease?
My face is on fire!
I've gotta be in full
tomato-mode by now!
Good thing it's dark in here.
[AKARI]
Yo, I found it!
It's a flameless
aromatherapy candle.
My girl Natsumi
gifted it to me today.
Happy two-year friendiversary!
I found these bad boys
in a three-pack!
Oh, wow! It smells amazing.
Ugh. It's way too sweet.
I don't think that it's meant
for smelly dudes anyway.
Hey, Watanabe?
Uh?
[JIRO]
You're cute.
Hold up, what did I just say?
Your honor, I was
lost in the sauce!
Did she hear me?
Please say she didn't hear me!
She's asleep, let's go!
But hey, you look really cute
when you're asleep.
You tried to watch a scary movie
despite not liking them.
Must've worn you out.
[AKARI] Would it kill you to
let me depend on you a little?
[JIRO] What does it mean to
let someone depend on you?
Hell, what does it
mean to be married?
Sweet dreams, Watanabe.
[AKARI] Dumb-dumb.
What was that supposed to mean?
[BOTH gasping]
Bro, bro, bro, bro, bro!
You did infinitely better than I
thought you would, compadre.
My innocent little man
and the sexy gyaru.
To think they'd
bunk up, bro out,
and become a B-rank couple
this early in the game!
You've made Mama
Kamo proud, son.
Chill out, Mama, have you
found your name yet?
[KAMO]
Ya boy's only a C-ranker.
But watch out world,
A-rank here I come!
I'm of the belief that
the key to victory here
is switching partners
because both of your points
end up getting combined! Whoa!
Did you see?
For real? That says
E-rank, yeah?
Wha--? Uh!
[JIRO]
Ever since I saw that,
my mind was totally preoccupied
on Shiori's situation.
There's no way I could ask
her about it straight up.
Now I'm just stuck guessing.
Selfishly, a part of
me was glad things
weren't working out with Tenjin.
But now me and Watanabe
have a new problem.
Even if we earn
a million points,
if Shiori and Tenjin aren't
A-rank, it doesn't matter.
[piano playing]
Brava, Mei! Awesome job!
I knew you rocked at sports,
but piano, too?
Nah, I just took some
lessons way back when.
Talk to me. You sure
you're doing okay, dude?
Funny, I had a feeling
that you would ask.
You can tell me what's going on.
Are you just sad because
he's out with a cold?
Or is this about the
marriage situation?
[SHIORI]
Well...
Little bit of both?
I knew how this marriage
thing would go,
and I'll take the blame.
I'm just so awkward
around new people.
I wish I was with a friend.
[sniffs] Kill me.
--[phone buzzes]
--[grunts]
[JIRO] Yeah, yeah.
I'm sick here, you know.
I've gotta hang with my hoes,
I'll see you tonight.
[JIRO] We should be using a day
like this to rack up points.
If I were with Shiori,
I bet she would want
to take care of me.
Ahhhh...
[JIRO] The mama bird fantasy?
C'mon, man.
Also, I get this
relationship is pretend,
but the least she could do
is come home early for me.
Jeez, Watanabe.
[doorbell rings]
There's no way.
[JIRO]
No, sir. No butterflies allowed.
Why does this make
me feel so happy?
[JIRO coughing] Well,
you're back early, Watanabe!
Yay! I'm so glad you're awake!
Is your cold getting better?
[JIRO gasps]
Shio-- Sakurazaka?
[SERVER A]
Thank you for waiting.
[NATSUMI]
Pancake party! Let's carb up!
[SACHI]
Well, it is my cheat year.
Why are you moping
on the pancakes?
You're the one who picked
them out, remember?
Huh? Oh, uh, yeah!
They look yum!
Fantasizing about Minami?
I don't blame you.
She may look stoic and cool,
but her thoughts
are being ravaged
by the hunkiest hunk.
How 'bout we
ravage these. Yeah?
[ALL]
Pancake party!
Fun fact! These cakes
have a special name.
Apparently, the legit fans
call them "the prince's kiss."
That's funny, in the weird way.
It's 'cause the
texture of the edge
is supposed to be
as soft as lips!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Okay, girl! I guess these aren't
like the lips you've tasted?
Tea spill! Comparing them
to lips of you-know-who?
You guys totally did it
after karaoke!
No! We totally did not!
[AKARI]
This blows.
Why am I even thinking
about that dweeb?
[JIRO]
You caught me off guard.
I had no idea you'd come over.
How sweet. Thank you for
buying me all this stuff.
Oh, no. That was Watanabe.
She said, "I'm busy,
but will you take this crap
and look after Jiro?"
I was worrying about you,
too, so here I am.
She really said that?
Yup. Wanna change your compress?
[JIRO]
Thanks, wing-woman Watanabe!
Shiori is in my room, I repeat,
Shiori is in my room!
Don't you remember?
I'm just paying you back.
I was sick once
when we were little.
And you brought me all
the classwork I had missed.
You also changed the
compress on my forehead.
It made me super happy!
Well, I'm glad I helped.
Now, it's my turn!
Gimme me your noggin.
Uh! Here you go...
Stay super still for me.
[JIRO] Wow. She's so
cute I'm gonna die!
[SHIORI]
All done.
Cool. Thank you.
[SHIORI] Anytime. I'm just glad
to see you're getting better.
Hey, can I use your kitchen?
Sure.
[JIRO] If she keeps being
this nice to me,
I'm gonna get the wrong idea.
Just like I did back then.
In middle school, Shiori
had to change schools
because her dad got
transferred at work.
I wanted to confess my feelings
for her before she left.
[JIRO] So, you're transferring
to a private school, huh?
--[SHIORI] Mm-hm.
--Shiori, there's--
[SHIORI]
Um, so Jiro?
Even if we're farther apart,
do you think that we'll
be friends for always?
[JIRO]
Yeah. Of course.
Nothing is going to change.
I chickened out
and didn't confess.
I was mad at myself
in the moment,
but in the end,
maybe it was for the best.
[SHIORI]
You all good?
Sorry, must've zoned out.
Now what were you saying?
That I made rice porridge
if you think you can eat.
--For me?
--Yeah!
Yes, I can eat!
And I'll savor each bite!
[JIRO]
Ah, Shiori's cooking!
The best thing I've
tasted in my entire life!
Look at you! I thought you
might need help to eat it.
Huh?! Uh--
Ahhhh!
[JIRO]
Curse you stomach!
If I hadn't pigged out
like a menace,
she so would've fed it to me.
[SHIORI]
Are you okay?
Yeah, great. Just overwhelmed
by deliciousness.
[SHIORI gasps]
Yay, I'm glad!
[JIRO sighs]
Thank you for the porridge.
[SHIORI]
Thank you for liking it so much.
[JIRO]
Tenjin's a lucky man.
He gets to enjoy your
cooking all the time, huh?
Actually, we've been
rotating who cooks.
We switch it up every day.
Wow. So, Tenjin is some
incredible chef, too?
It's no wonder Watanabe
likes him so much.
My cooking is what
you'd call an abomination.
It's best I leave
that stuff to her.
She doesn't look it,
but she's a good cook.
Weird, right?
I do other chores around
the house though,
so I'm not completely worthless.
Ha, that's pretty cool...
Things are going super well
between you guys, aren't they?
Uh! So, um, I don't
mean to be nosy,
but I saw your ranking
the other day.
If there's anything I can do
to help just let me know
and I'll do it, promise.
[JIRO]
I'm the worst.
This "help"-- This kindness
I'm showing her
is entirely selfish.
It's all because I want
to be with her.
That means a lot, Jiro.
It's just that I don't feel
comfortable around boys.
I'm trying, but he
makes me anxious.
I guess my defense mechanism
is to put distance between us,
and that distance adds up quick.
[JIRO]
I see.
It's too bad.
My life would be a billion times
better if you were my husband.
[gasps]
Only kidding of course!
I should really clean up
before the old wife gets home!
[JIRO]
You've got this!
You... you can be a great wife!
Shiori, I believe in you!
I've known you forever!
I've seen how amazing
you are firsthand.
Have a little confidence!
--Wow, thank y--
--[JIRO yelps] Sorry!
[JIRO] Crap! That totally
weirded her out!
She probably thinks I'm some
obsessive, fanboy creep!
You can't just say stuff
like that! I suck with girls!
Guess I'll stay in bed
the rest of my life.
[JIRO] Who cares...
It's not like she likes me.
She's here because
Watanabe asked her to be.
Once she gets comfortable,
things will work out
with Tenjin.
If she can move past her
anxiety, then I'm sure...
[SHIORI]
Hey, Jiro? You asleep?
You called me by my
first name earlier.
I was so happy,
I kinda froze. Um, so Jiro?
There's something...
[SACHI] Have you heard the
hot gos about Sakurazaka?
Rumor has it she's
been avoiding Minami.
She's got the whole adorable
and pure thing going on.
I wouldn't guess she's uber
comfy talking to guys.
Akari's hubby's no lady killer
and they get along pretty well.
You know, prolly
because they bang.
[NATSUMI]
No way!
Little virgin boy
doesn't have it in him!
I'm a teensy worried
about Minami.
That cutie's gonna be dangerous
once she's used to him.
She's like that
classy type of pretty.
What dude wouldn't
fall for all of that?
Ooooh.
Whatcha gonna do, homie?
Prim and perfect is
about to steal your man.
[AKARI]
Yeah. Maybe she is.
I shouldn't. I know.
He's not even my partner.
Do you think that we'll
be friends for always?
[JIRO]
Yeah. Of course.
Nothing is going to change.
Ah! Good to hear!
We aren't moving far,
so I should be able visit.
Maybe you could even
come see me sometime.
So, uh, you know how they
put up all those pretty lights
around the train station when
it gets close to Christmas?
I was thinking how sad it would
make me if I didn't see them.
So, this year, um,
if you wouldn't mind,
maybe you could...
[JIRO] Sorry. I, uh,
remembered there's something
I have to take care of.
Oh. I'll see you!
[SHIORI] Back then, I wasn't
so sure that I actually would.
But here we are.
If I try my very hardest,
do you think that you could
hear me out to
the end this time?
[AKARI]
I'm back.
[NATSUMI]
Whatcha gonna do, homie?
Prim and perfect is
about to steal your man.
--C'mon!
--[JIRO] Watanabe?
[gasps] Aren't you supposed
to be sick or something?
You scared me!
Uh, sorry. Real quick.
I wanted talk with you.
[AKARI]
Well, aren't you chipper?
I guess you're feeling better?
Yeah, I am. All thanks to you.
Shio-- Sakurazaka.
You asked her to
come here, right?
[gasps] Well, duh,
I figured a baby like you
would need a mommy
to take care of him.
I'll, uh... I'll be the best
husband I can be.
[gasps]
[JIRO] I'll do whatever it
takes to make things
work out between you and Tenjin.
Even though it was pretty brief,
you helped me live
out a dream today.
Thanks for that.
I feel good enough
to go to school,
so I'm gonna get
to bed. Goodnight.
[AKARI] Well, that's
all good stuff, right?
Then why the hell
am I feeling so angry?
[MEI] Shiori is hard
to be around lately.
All she does is
worry about Yakuin.
Why does she tell me
about him? I don't care.
When we finished talking,
she had this reenergized
look about her.
It was really cute.
Guess that made it all worth it.
[AKARI] Next time, "Broken Up,
and Not Rekindled."